# Global-Patent-Search-Data-Base
Freely accessible database of all global patents. Cross reference. Searchable.
Hi all , i,m new to this, so forgive me if i,m in the wrong place. Anyway... thanks for your time, your here afterall.... but enough of the pleasantries and on with the show. My names Richard,  i,ve have ideas over the years, never had the financial clout to put anything together to get it off the ground. The cost of finding out patent information, and the complexity for to enable someone like me at the time , how to obtain such a thing,  on a council estate , growing up ...... was enough to stop me in my tracks and not bother trying and a good idea may have been lost.  I was just too small a fish to be taken seriously and i believed they would just take my idea. I,ve had various times in my life where i would have liked to find out if an idea i had would be worth trying to market but protecting the intellectual property rights from a big company or someone else, stopped me bothering to go any further. The thing about this is, i,m not alone, there must be millions of good ideas in peoples heads they dont know what to do with , possibly life saving , environmentally saving ideas, that never get developed because the people who have them , have them in the pub, and they stay in the bottom of a beer glass because there is no easy way for them to protect their intellectual property 

These solutions to real world problems that normal people have should be collected, purchased and then could be sold to people  with the abilty to do something with the idea, that way the people get some money for the idea, the idea doesnt dissapear into nothing , the company gets to use it.  Imagine 1000s of new ideas , with patents in a database, you look for something relevant to your company and you can buy it off the shelf.  

I basically need a team to help me make this happen.  I'm sure its doeable. Really all thats needed is a searchable database, that links all patents globally or country wide , cross references them against a patent written by someone and see if it causes an infringment.  Then on the same site, an oportunity for the person with the idea to make a quick buck selling the patent to US....THE DATABASE owners........ we then store the ideas ready for a company to use.  

This is very much an idea,  its going out to you for input ,  i feel this community is right for it.   I,m a front end developer ,  not a hard coder,  this would need everyone on board I imagine. Back and Front end developers and legal people .... a whole team.  Anyone want to help me?   And help thousands of people and businesses around the world if it works.  Come on !  Take up the challenge!  Think Episode 4 A New Hope.   He did it,  we can !   

Thanks !  Richard . 

